The Joe Rogan experience. Do you, are you Jeremy? I'm sure you're aware of this.
The footage from the, the Mexican air force. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Very aware of that. What do you think about that?
Well, again, it's, it's IR footage, which is really interesting.
They actually got the cameras for drug runners, right? So you,
you can see in the infrared. So it's beyond the observable. You know, I, uh,
I myself have not, uh, detailed, looked at the footage, however,
FLIR experts and people that work with NSA have looked at it for me. And they,
these are not lights in the distance.
These are craft very similar to what commander favor talks about without
plumes, without heat signatures, you know,
nontraditional field propulsion systems. We don't have that. And.
I thought they tried to, uh, is this it right here?
Is this some Mexican air force footage? Yeah.
So they tried to say these were lights on,
on like an oil rig out in the water that's Bindi bond. Yeah. They tried.
To say it was a fire and an oil. Right?
The, the 2004 talk to the Comcast video of the year was the Mexican air force
tracking like six. So literally right after our incident, <affirmative> I come,
you know,
we come back and I think we were getting ready to go to Fallon and I'm I'm I had
Comcast and the homepage comes up and there's this video. And I go, holy cow,
that looks like what we chased. Mm. And it was like six of these things.
And they were tracking 'em in the same area, too, right off the coast.
Ensenata and.
It, it's not as rare there. There's now admitted an increased frequency. The,
a Pentagon spokeswoman finally went off script.
I was tracking the scripts for the last two years of what Pentagon spokespeople
say about commander favors experience.
Someone went off script last week in the New York times.
And she admitted there's an increased frequency of near misses because of these
AAVs anomalous aerospace vehicles. So it, it's pretty astounding.
We're getting all these kind of revelatory moments in these little seeds that
these are not ours. We don't have this. Even Elon doesn't have this. I mean,
this is a propulsion system, unlike anything we have. It's amazing.
It's gravity propel.
Now that Gibo footage. Yeah. When it said that there's a fleet of them, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> how far away are those guys where you're seeing you don't see the
individual objects, you only see angular spot. Um.
Well, the pod is, you know, when you get pretty narrow, it'd be like, you know,
if I put three people around you,
I can look at you and not see the other people. So that's what the pod is doing.
But the radar is seeing everything. Cause it's a, it has an, a, a radar on it,
which is an active, electronically scanned array.
So instead of like the radars we had, which did the mechanical, you know,
doing this like old school,
this thing is just a panel that sits in the front of the airplane and through
beam sharing or beam shaping, it can move and it can look all over.
So we used to have what was called track wall scan.
So we would be able to track a target while we're still scanning.
This thing has scan wall. It, it scans while tracked. So it, it literally,
if it sees you, if the radar sees you,
it has basically a weapons quality solution,
and it can do that on multiple targets is that's how, that's the same way. The,
the spy radar, the ecosystem system works on the cruisers.
It can track multiple targets and have weapons quality on all these different
targets while it's still scanning a volume.
So in that image, you're seeing one individual object, but there's other.
Objects. Yes. The radar is seeing the object that the pod is looking at,
where they're talking. And when you hear the video, you hear the, the pilot say,
dude, look at the SA page. There's, there's a whole fleet of them.
So what they're seeing is the, the, the pod is looking at the main,
that's the bigger object that the gimble,
the thing that's rolled tight on the screen,
and there's five smaller things in front. So this thing's just sitting there.
And then they kind of, he said, they turn around on the,
on the radar and start going the other way, while the pod's looking at this guy,
just kind of rotating.
So like a mothership and smaller aircraft could be something along those lines.
Is there video of those smaller Aircrafts or just the video of the one large
one? No. The only thing they have is the, the, the targeting pod. Uh,
I would highly doubt,
even if they had the video that they're gonna release the radar video because of
classification levels.
Are you able to tell, um,
the story you told me about what was underwater with your, your other buddy?
Because is that okay?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So it's amazing. You know,
people come outta the woodwork when they figure out you've had this cuz now
they're, they don't feel alone. So I was working, I, I worked, I,
I still do it, but I was doing oil and gas at the time, uh, on a, on a contract.
And one of the guys, the story came out and he was a Navy helicopter pilot.
And he comes in, he, he comes in, he goes, can I talk to you, man? I go,
what about he goes, dude, I got, I gotta talk to you. I said,
what do you wanna talk to me about? He says, dude, do you know your UFO? He,
he said, yeah. He goes, I had a similar experience. I said, what's that?
He said he was flying ch 50 threes, which is a big lift,
heavy lift that the Marine Corps uses. And the Navy uses it for certain things.
And when they go off of, for the east coast, they do a lot of shooting off of,
at the time it was off of Puerto Rico.
We had Roosevelt roads that they ended up closing. Um,
but he was flying out of there. And you know,
you got super clear Caribbean water and they have these things that are called B
QMS. They fly around. And then when they're all done,
cause they'll fly towards the ships and the ship can sorry about that.
They can track with the radar. And then they also do in the,
like the ships or submarine shoot torpedoes they're they're called telemetry
rounds. So they have,
they gather all the data on what the torpedo or is doing underwater.
And then they blow Alice and this thing will come to the surface and float and
then they go pick 'em up and then they can extract all the data out of em.
So they do it for both. So he said,
the first time they're out and they're gonna pick up this B Q M.
And those things, when they're flying,
they're done a parachute comes out and they gotta go. They hook it up.
The Helo drops the swimmer in the water. He goes and hooks this whole thing up.
And then they hoist the whole thing up and fly back.
And then they extract the data. So he says, he's sitting in the front, you know,
in helicopters, there's, you know, a C 53,
you can actually see down by your feet, you know, just like typical,
like you go to Hawaii and ride. So cuz you can see when you're touching down.
So you got really good visibility out of those things and you can stick your
head out the window too, cuz you're just kind of hanging out. He says,
he's going on there? And they're getting this thing hooked up.
And as he's looking down, you know, cuz they're,
I don't know what 50 feet above the water he's sees kind of this dark mass
coming up from the depths and they starting to hoist the,
the diver up and he's got, they've gotten the B QM and as they hoist it up,
he says, and he's looking at the sink going, what the hell is that?
And then it just goes back down underwater.
It just like once they pull the kid in the, the B QM outta the water,
this object descends back into the depths. So he thinks, well,
that was pretty weird. So he goes out, he says, not too long later, you know,
a few months later he's out and he's picking up a torpedo.
So he says they got the,
they hook the diver up on the winch and they're lowering him in and he he's
looking down. He sees this big, massive, he goes, it's not a submarine.
He seen submarines before, once don't you see a summary and you,
you can't confuse it with something else. This big object, you know,
kind of circularly says is coming up from the depths.
And he starts screaming to through the Intercom system to tell him,
to pull the diver up. And the diver's like few feet from the water.
So they reversed the win and the dives thinking what the hell's going on and
he's getting pulled up. And all of a sudden, uh, he said,
the torpedo just got sucked down underwater and the object just descended back
down into the depths and they never recovered the, the torpedo Jesus.
And this happened in the late nineties, late, mid to late nineties.
I think it is. I could probably get in touch with him and ask him.
And he told me this story. And I'm like, how do you report that?
<laugh> you come in and go, well, where'd the torpedo go?
It just got sucked down. It just went down, you know?
And then you get to people that attributed as, ah,
something happened when it flew ball and it just took on water and sank and he's
like, it didn't sink. He goes, it literally looked like it got sucked down.
The only reason they didn't,
they talked to him when they did the New York times stuff, they talked to him.
But it, because the incident was from the nineties, they didn't want to,
they wanted something, you know, newer. Mm. Um, so they did not include it,
but I know they talked to 'em about it. Now.
What was the other footage that we were looking at?
There was the first footage that Jamie pulled up that wasn't the Gibo footage.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That was, oh, the go fast, the go fast. What is that?
That's uh, it actually looks more like a tic-tac, but it's they saw it, uh,
going across the water and they're, they're, they're just grabbing a lock.
So are seeing this with their eyes and he gets the FL to lock on it.
And that's when you hear the kid go, I got it.
Cuz he gets the auto track and it's just something screaming across the surface
of the water. So, and this is in the same area. This is east coast. Yeah.
This is the same timeframe as the gimble video.
So the idea that these are birds or the idea that this is a radar glitch,
or somebody said pilot era like clear blue day commander, FRA has nerves.
I mean that kind of thing that people have said on your show to you that,
you know, this, these are explanations that make sense. Who said that? Um,
I don't want to say their names. A Midwest. Yeah, sure.
Min mint believes everything.
Like every single thing that's ever happened has a rational explanation for.
It's. So it's so that, you know, the probability that, you know,
all the radars went off at the wrong time, commander FRA you know,
had nerves that all the other pilots up there with him that, you know,
this thing shot off like a, like a can like a gun instantly like that,
that was somehow perfectly coordinate.
That's a conspiracy that that's a fabrication probably Al's razors.
The events happened exactly. Like were being told.
Yeah. For us it was, you know,
and I'll go back to the beginning of the story of, you know,
the other pilot who was brand new. She had been in the squadron for
four months, five months. So she's pretty junior.
She used to working on her initial quality airplane and um, you know,
so she gets the, you know, we get the real world vector and it's like, okay,
real world vector. Cool. I'm gonna get to do something real exciting.
Then you see the, the water and you think, oh,
something's sinking cuz it's kind of that shape of an airplane. You know,
that cross type. So now it's, oh crap. Now it's search and rescue.
We gotta go down and see, you know, cuz there's people, you know,
and we are sympathetic and to the tic TAC.
And as soon as the tic-tac it's like, you know, holy, what is that? You know?
And when you get, uh, you know,
some people get very emotional when you talk about it. Um,
because for me it was like, eh, you, you know,
for her,
when you talk to her or she has a disdain for
some of the leadership that didn't tell us that these things were out there,
you know,
they here now we're getting vectored because we were the first time the manned
airplanes had been airborne when one of these things showed up that no one even
gave us a brief that, Hey,
we're seeing these object out here for the last two weeks. They're just kinda,
you might want to know they're out there and they never told us no one knew
these things existed besides the radar operators and the radar operators didn't
know what they were. They just knew they were seeing blips, you know? So,
and there's a lot of stuff that, you know,
that it flew around and it came around me and it didn't do any of that stuff.
It's, <laugh> the story that I gave you. It was just relatively benign. Um,
but it was, you know, it's, it's an interesting experience. So these.
Incidents that they reported were taking place before you saw your,
that tic-tac encounter. Yeah.
They were taking place over a period of how many weeks?
Two weeks, two weeks we went out the beginning of the month for the,
this two week at say period. Um, we pulled in for Thanksgiving,
but other than that,
we were out till think December 20 me first is when we pulled the ship back in,
um, besides pulling in for the three days at Thanksgiving. So yeah,
for the two weeks prior,
so this was on the 14th and we went out at the beginning of the month.
So about two weeks they had been watching these things come down, go up,
come down, go up. But it was always when we were not flying,
which is really probably like the midnight timeframe until early in the morning,
the next, you know, until due the next day. And then we just happened and to go,
and if you think about it, you know, I laugh, you know, if,
if there was some little green man flying around in that TAC,
he probably got back to the mothership and got yelled at for being seen <laugh>,
but you're like, oh my God, you let him see you. Um, so